---
layout: post
title:      "**First Mile, First Blog**"
date:       2019-12-26 18:59:47 +0000
permalink:  first_mile_first_blog
---


My name is Anthony, and this is the first blog I've ever written. I started my journey to become a software engineer in order to live the life I want to live. A bit about me, I'm a gamer, love everything about technology and how it's progressing, and how there is still so much potential to unlock. I was born and raised in California, and recently transplanted to Texas, and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I've had many jobs, mostly in customer service and sales, and have sold everything from food, to cars, and home security. Many of the jobs I've worked have been great, however I could never call them my final one. This is why I'm here now, working my way through this cohort, grinding to the final stage, so I can finally reach my career.

Over the years I picked up lots of training for customer service and sales, learning how to talk to people, and deal with situations that arise, adapting to unforseen circumstances. Most of my trainers played it by the books, others wrote there own, and of course, there is always that one who has no idea what they're doing. To this day, the best thing I've learned was in order to be successful, you need constant, never ending training. This was taught to me by my manager/coach Mike, and it's something that has stuck with me throught the years. Mike stood out from the rest, engaging, coaching, and opening up the way I think about things. It's taken some time, but I've come to realise that what I was doing was not what I wanted to do. Back then whenever I looked into how I could dive into a career with technology, the only answer that ever came up was college. I was never one for the classroom scene, and with all of the horror stories with tution costs, it always seemed out of reach. That was until I had come across my first coding bootcamp. My first time experienceing a coding bootcamp happened almost 2 years ago. After a week of reseaching, it seemed like it would be the perfect way to finally acheive my goal. At first it started out great, the staff was very helpful, the lessons were broken down with detail, and the coaches were very hands-on. Some time during my cohort, there had been some changes with the staff, and things suddenly stopped being so personal. The staff who had been so engaging, so willing to jump in video calls and guide you through what you didnt understand, had been replaced, and the only support that was available was through email. At the same time, things in my personal life were shifting as well, and I had to drop out of the cohort. After that, I feared that I'd never be able to get back at it, and I'd be stuck doing something that I didn't I want to do for the rest of my life. Along came this ad for Career Karma. It showed how it could connect to other coding bootcamps, and offered ways to help get on the right track. "Too good to be true!" I thought, and yet I clicked anyway. Sure enough, the help and support I received from the staff was amazing. They were able to show me options, not just for great schools, but also ways I could attend and still not have to worry about many of the concerns I had previously. So I dove in, and have now started back on my journey to my career. 
